<h2>List of files</h2>
List the files to be transformed with the new file names and transformation parameters.
<br>
There are three alternatives for entering information:
<br><br>
1. Manually enter the file name, the desired output name and the rotation and scaling factors to apply to the image.
<br>
2. Use the <strong>Fill files</strong> button to auto fill all the files in the specified input folder. Manually enter the other parameters.
<br>
3. Use the <strong>from Excel</strong> button to import file names and parameters from an Excel template.
Use the "TransformTemplate" in the Nutil package (Nutil_v403\Transform\TransformTemplate).
<br><br>
Use the <strong>+</strong> and <strong>-</strong> buttons to remove or add files from the list. <br>
Use the <strong>duplicate</strong> button to apply the transformation parameters to all the images.
<br>
<hr>
<h3>Parameters</h3>
<br><br>
<strong>Output file:</strong> defines the output file name.<br>
<strong>Rotation:</strong> degrees in a counter clockwise direction (e.g. 45).<br>
<strong>X scale:</strong> mirroring and scaling on the Y axis (e.g. 0.5 is scaling by half with no flipping on the Y axis) <br>
<strong>Y scale:</strong> mirroring and scaling on the x axis (e.g.-0.5 is scaling by half with flipping on the X axis)
<h3>Examples</h3>
<br><br>
- By scaling the length of the image along the X and Y axes by 0.5 respectively, the overall image area is reduced by 0.25 (1/4).
<br>
- By scaling the length of the image along the X and Y axes by 0.1 respectively, the overall image area is reduced by 0.01 (1/100).
